# Excel-Kickstarter
1.	In the data provided on the Category pivot chart, we can conclude that theatre, video and music have the highest success rate. Theatre and video have a success rate of 63% and Music has a success rate of 82% assuming we are going off on successful and live as a “successful” outcome and failed and canceled as an “unsuccessful” outcome. The lowest success rate categories are publishing, games, and food. Publishing has a success rate of 50%, games at 36% and food at 20%. 

In the data provided in the sub-category pivot chart, we see the rates in a closer detail. There are sub-categories with 100% success rates. Those include rock, hardware, documentary, pop, metal, radio and podcasts, television, electronic music, non-fiction, table-top games, classical music, and shorts. There are also sub-categories with 100% unsuccessful outcomes such as: animation, drama, gadgets, jazz, mobile games, people, places, restaurants, translations, and video games. 

As for the date to created chart, we can see that after the month of May there is a huge decrease on success rates and dips even further from November to December and it intersects with the failed outcomes. This suggests that there is no correlation with success rates during the final months of November and December.

2.	Some limitations are that this is a small dataset. There is not enough information on the Parent Category and sub-category parts of the data. To determine the decrease in the month of December, we need more data and information as to why there is a dip and intersection with the failed outcomes.  It would be helpful to have data that shows whether each industry, category or subcategory does well or poorly during those time periods.  Also, there is very few metrics that determines the success of the data during a period of time, there should be data on consumer information like consumer preferences over that period of time. 
             
3.	Some other possible tables and graphs that could be created would be tables displaying the most successful categories and sub-categories and the most unsuccessful ones. The table can show the minimum and maximum budget for each category. It can also show the average of each successful/ unsuccessful category rate.  As mentioned in the previous paragraph, there is very few metrics that determine the success of the data during that period. A table or chart that displays the average timeline of consumer preference over time. 

